docs(material/list): update a11y documention on radio indicators (#26374)
angular/components: src/material/list/list.md

Always provide an accessible label for the `<mat-selection-list>` element via `aria-label` or
`aria-labelledby` that describes the selection being made.

By default `MatSelectionList` displays radio/checkmark to identify selected items. While you can

> hide the radio indicator via `hideSingleSelectionIndicator`, this makes your component less

Reviewer: Does this disable the indicator for multi-selection lists too?

Author: No, it only hides it for single-selection. There is not a way to hide it for multi-selection.

We could re-word this as:
> "While you can hide the single-selection radio indicator via `hideSingleSelectionIndicator`,

Always provide an accessible label for the `<mat-selection-list>` element via `aria-label` or
`aria-labelledby` that describes the selection being made.

By default `MatSelectionList` displays radios/checkmarks to identify selected items. While you can

> hide the radio indicator for single-selection via `hideSingleSelectionIndicator`, this makes your

Reviewer: "this makes your component" => "this makes the component"

> By default `MatSelectionList` displays radios/checkmarks to identify selected items. While you can
> hide the radio indicator for single-selection via `hideSingleSelectionIndicator`, this makes the
> component less accessible by making it harder or impossible for users to visually identify selected
> items.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default `MatSelectionList` displays radio or checkmark indicators to identify selected items. While you can
hide the radio indicator for single-selection via `hideSingleSelectionIndicator`, this makes the
component less accessible by making it harder or impossible for users to visually identify selected
items.
```
nit: try to avoid slash in formal docs
